Hello and welcome to Meltdown Comics' Nerdmelt Theater Harmontown, it's now in session!
Let's bring out Spencer Crittenden!
Spencer!
Who has been demoted from his Comptroller role from last week?
Oh, I'm right on high Jeff!
I heard you try to usurp my throne!
I feel like I did for a moment!
How about the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon?
Thank you!
Alright, yeah!
You left me hanging with a high-five over here, man!
Oh shit, I didn't, you know, I'm out of it, man.
I've been up all night.
I gotta go back to work after this fucking running on chewable adderalls and...
You know they're not chewables.
You're just chewing on them.
I mean, they seem pretty chewable to me.
Any pill is chewable if you really put your heart into it.
Anything is chewable if you really put your heart into it.
Diamonds? I guess so.
If you really put your heart into it.
You'd have to have teeth made of stronger diamonds.
Yeah, there's no part of the word chew that implies success.
Like you could chew a locomotive.
Yeah, you just want to get very far.
Or does it imply that your jaws go all the way together and you do a rotating mastication motion?
Otherwise is it just biting?
I think chewing implies something's being accomplished by your biting.
I think chew, certainly more than bite, does imply success.
I was wrong.
Chew is like a bite plus.
It's like a prestige bite.
Yeah, I listened to last week.
Uh-oh, uh-oh.
Yee, yee, yee, yee, yee, yee.
Hot under the collar over here.
I did like the pitch that when Spencer prestigees, he becomes a controller,
and I become Bud Friedman, and I just stand in the back and let people know.
I thought you liked that.
Yeah, you'll eventually, we'll go from performing at NerdMelt to JeffMelt, yeah.
I love that.
There'll be little jackets, I'll hand out like Bud Friedman.
It's a great episode, it's last week, and go check it out.
It sounded hot as blazes, so I'm glad I missed that.
I think it's been a bit of a cooker.
Or is that just the friction from the UK leaving the EU?
Oh shit, oh shit.
I love Brexit.
I love when you work topical.
Brexit.
I was in London for a couple weeks, which was a great time.
Loads of Armenians there.
You were there for the Brexit?
I was there, I exited Britain before Britain exited the EU.
But first of all...
If you had exited just as they were exiting,
I wonder if you would have gone faster than the speed of light.
I think the real bummer, I mean I'm sure there's lots of bummers,
but the big bummer for me is that I think I got paid in pounds,
and I don't think I've been paid yet, so I think I just lost a few thousand dollars.
Yeah, don't cry for me Argentina.
But you get into a cab, I would get into taxis,
and I would talk to the drivers, and I'd say,
hey, you leave her, you're a remainder, and they would go,
look mate, I'm not racist, but you've got these fucking packies coming in.
They're like, wow, yeah.
Ain't no racism like a London cabbie racist.
I mean, oh god, there's a part of my brain that's like,
how is the EU?
All right, what problems did he solve?
There was a little bit of silver lining there,
because we didn't feel like the kind of,
there was a little bit of a, it was kind of like when the Chevy Chase was going,
the thing was going on, how I felt when one of the, I think one of the palins
had an illegitimate kid or something like that, for like a couple days,
I was like, whew!
But then it was right back to the Chevy Chase and Wastemale,
but I just felt like with the whole Trump thing,
like the Brexit was sort of like, America got to kind of take a weekend,
and just do bits about the United Kingdom for a while.
There's an article, I think, on The New Yorker,
with a tongue lightly in its cheek, saying that the UK has lost its moral high ground
on America is stupid.
They've lost that bit.
However, we're going to reclaim that in November, I think?
No.
No, we are, we are.
Because our smart friends, our smart cousins are stupid too.
We have to prove that we're more stupid than them,
because we fucking are.
It's going to be bad.
It's not a competition. We'll be fine.
Well, none of it really matters, right?
It just proves that people don't vote intellectually anymore.
They vote emotionally, and they listen to soundbites.
They don't listen to information. They don't even know what the EU is.
It's nuts.
Like, the number one Google search the day after it was,
what is the EU? What did I just vote for?
They thought they were being protesters.
They thought they were going to go, oh yeah, 40% of us said fuck this shit.
And they know 60% of you said fuck this shit, or 51% or whatever.
They didn't realize that they actually were part of a movement,
meaning the stupidity movement.
Well, I mean, thanks for the language to our friends over there.
I don't know, I'm trying to put a, just to make me feel better.
Yes, thanks for the language, but they call the second floor the first floor.
That never stops being confusing.
What do they call the first floor?
The lobby. The fucking minus one floor, I don't know.
Well, we do that in a hotel though.
First floor is, you're up a floor.
You're looking out the window down at the street, and you're on the first floor.
Yeah, like a Holiday Inn.
Yeah, it's the L, you press the L button, and then you go up to the first floor.
It works like that a lot of places.
It's fucked up. Don't get me wrong.
Are you fucking kidding me?
You've never seen an elevator that has an L at the bottom floor?
The second floor is floor one.
It's fucked up.
You guys are fucking, whoever's calling out back there does not see elevators as much as me.
Are you just mad because you're not at the podium this week?
Oh, don't even get me started, man.
You had bits? You had written down material?
Yeah, I didn't have a suit though.
I know. It was a shame.
I really get confused with the parking garage elevators.
It says G and then P, and then there's an L and a B.
Give a brother a number.
Alright.
Alright, that's...
We solved that.
Okay, so that was the cold open of the show.
A little colder than usual.
But let's heat things up with some guests.
We've got to bring them out like a bullet train,
but I also don't want them to all compete with each other,
so let's bring them out one at a time.
Alright.
So let's first bring out, to keep the international business going,
let's bring out your Kiwi friend.
My friend too.
Your Kiwi friend too.
But I met him through you.
But he's your friend too.
Yeah.
He's sexy.
He's too good looking is my problem with this guy.
I think that we...
He just is that kind of good looking
that it's a little bit of a distraction.
Well...
From the fact that he's a great actor
and he plays a vampire on television.
Let's bring out Daniel Gillies.
Daniel Gillies!
Hello, Daniel.
Hey. Hello.
Also, your beard, Daniel. I just kissed you in the cheek.
Your beard smells great. Did you put cologne in your beard?
Or is that just a...
I might have put a little cologne in my beard.
It's Chanel bleh.
So you just got picked up
for your fourth season of The Originals.
Woo!
Which is a spin-off of Vampire Diaries.
Bleh.
This is like the 10th year of the...
Vampire Diaries started right next to the community.
They were in the same time slot.
We were little sister shows.
Now it's still chugging along
and it's got a kid of its own.
Yeah.
We're doing a half season this time.
We're only doing 13, so I can actually
see my family now.
What kind of stuff happens in a serialized...
I'm assuming it's serialized.
It's not like...
Yes.
I don't know what the alternative would be.
What...
After 10 years of Vampire Storylines,
what is...
what remains to be resolved?
What...
Why isn't the town that they're in
either Fully Vampire
or...
It seems like an untenable conflict.
I never watched the...
What was it called?
Blood Simple? Blood Man?
Blood People?
True Blood.
That was like the most
popular one at the height of...
I'm just...
I'm not letting you answer the question.
I don't know if...
This is fascinating.
I was like...
On your show...
I want to hear your pitch on Blood People.
Dude,
pitch me Blood People.
Santa...
Sanowano has
all the right moves.
Child, if you want meth,
you want sex,
you want a brand new trailer,
you gotta come on down here.
Oh, and all the wrong
things.
Oh, well, girl,
give me another champagne.
But what it doesn't know it has
is a little bit
of a vampire problem.
Shit!
What the fuck?
Wednesdays...
Are the vampires the Blood People
or are the townspeople the Blood People?
Because they have the blood that feeds the vampires.
Well, I think as the mayor says in the
pilot, he goes, look,
we gotta fucking hold it together.
Because what happens is while the vampires
and the people are fighting,
uh...
the Brexit happens.
Or something like it. It's like a Brexit analog.
And so,
the economy collapses.
And then the mayor,
in the third act of the pilot,
look, vampires
need blood. People have blood.
No one wants to get
bit by vampires. Vampires don't want to
run out of blood.
We gotta stop thinking of ourselves as either
vampires or people, and we gotta just start
looking at this as a town of
uh... blood people.
And then, uh,
you never close your eyes
and then, like, the whole town's
people, like, kind of like the vampires.
Who do you cast as the mayor? Who do you have in mind?
I'm thinking Tom Scarrett.
I was thinking of Tom Scarrett, too.
For real? Yeah.
Wait, is Tom Scarrett alive?
I hope...
I think we'd know if Tom Scarrett had died, wouldn't we?
So somebody look that up.
Tom Scarrett's alive.
Chris Christopherson is the fucking mayor.
Let's go with that. Well, that's the...
He's close, though, man. He's close.
Is it really? I think he's next.
Really? Yeah.
Is that terrible to say?
What? Is what?
You're gonna kill Bert Reynolds?
I'm gonna kill Bert Reynolds.
After this. I need a couple more of these.
You took time out of your Bert Reynolds assassination
to come here and do harm and turn?
That is what I call generosity.
You're in the middle.
You're in the middle of assassinating Bert Reynolds.
You got the job already.
This is beautiful.
And you're stopping here, and now you're gonna go kill Bert Reynolds.
Um...
Say what?
Scarrett's alive.
Let's get him, then.
Daniel, how many times has your character been killed
brought back to life?
Oh, somebody did a counter this the other day.
You're talking about exhausted narratives.
Yeah, it's...
Boy, is this a bone of contention.
I gotta trade carefully through this fucking minefield.
Hey, I wanna have a job.
Harmontown is a safe place where you can say anything.
You want about your show,
and there's no fallout at all.
Yeah, perfect.
Um... 11, I think.
I believe it's 11. It might be 14.
That means you've gotten a stake through the heart 11 times?
Yeah, that's right.
So in addition to normal
can't-kill-you-ness,
you also
are a vampire that can't be killed.
They just can't be killed. It's relentless.
It's like, yeah.
Can you not be killed, or is it magic
that's bringing you back? Are other wizards
invoking their will upon you?
Or is it like they miss your heart?
You know what? I didn't even know Spencer was here.
Yeah.
He's so fucking beautiful.
Oh, thanks, Will.
I love it. It's just like, oh, eclipse.
There we go.
And this is...
He's the Carl Pilkington in the outfit. I love this.
No, no, I mean that lovingly.
I mean that lovingly. Come on.
Everybody comes for Carl Pilkington.
Hey, hey, hey. No, that's true.
Dude, the first season of what was that thing called?
I don't care.
The Ricky Gervais thing? Come on.
The talker brothers.
Nope. The idiot abroad or the cartoon one?
No, no, no. The one he did... Derrick.
Derrick. He was in the first season.
He was fabulous. Anyway,
nice to see you, Spencer.
Sorry, what were we fucking talking about?
We're talking about how you can't die
even though you're a vampire that has death rules.
That's right. Are you enjoying it still?
You forbade me to watch it.
You said, jive.
Well, I don't...
I love the way that's my accent.
Here it comes. If you fucking watch it,
we're not fucking friends anymore, man.
You forbade me, and I've held to that.
Also, I wouldn't have watched it anyway, but...
That's true.
But you gave me permission to not watch it
because I'm a good friend of yours.
All right, we should bring up
more of our friends.
Duncan Trussell's here!
Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah!
Is this the sexiest show we've done yet?
It's already the sexiest
bunch of men on stage.
Now you're being sarcastic.
No, you're gorgeous. You're sitting next to a sexy vampire.
This guy is symmetrical.
No, Daniel's...
Let's not continue.
Do you have beard cologne, too, Duncan?
Are you one of those guys?
Yeah, gravy.
That's true.
Duncan, treat yourself.
Lean over and just take a little smell
of Daniel's beard.
Oh, my God! It's amazing!
How did you...
How did you know that?
I gave him a friendly kiss in the cheek,
and I went to an astral plane.
Yeah!
No, wait! I was gonna say...
I was just playing. This is a really obscure reference.
I was gonna...
What is that Stephen King book that he wrote
with another horror movie writer
where...
The Talisman!
So, basically, you drink this shitty
vomit-tasting stuff,
and you transport it into another dimension
where everything smells the way it's supposed
to smell.
Anyway, your beard
smells like the right way
beard should smell.
You can all smell it
after the show.
Daniel, at least what we're doing
is beard sniffing after the show.
It's only $12.
I hope that you guys aren't
flagged by my flagging energy.
You know, like, I'll just put it up all night.
Like, I...
You know, it's hard to come and do a show,
and then, like, you're realizing people are relying on you
for...
Joie de vivre, and you...
You just kind of stand outside
yourself and you realize you've been
hunched over and...
speaking in a monotone, and, like...
I have no...
I'm desiccated.
Are you sleeping at all? Like, what's your...
It's up all night, because I have a shitty, shitty
writer.
Terrible, shitty person.
Shut up!
You don't know...
You only see it when it's done.
If you saw the amount of masturbating
and the amount of, like...
fucking sad, I'm not a shitty...
shitty writer means, oh, he wrote a bad
thing. I'm saying, like, I'm a bad
naughty boy.
Like, I'm a...
I'm not a... I'm not a professional.
I'm really just really, like, I'll be
handed opportunities that are, like,
absolutely fantastic and easy
to knock out and fun
and something I'm passionate about,
and then the minute that it enters a zone of,
like, oh,
you know, there'd be no way to
fuck this up, or, you know, I'll just
figure out how.
Because you got the book,
you have 9,000 TV shows,
you got a million deals,
pitches going on, like, how
do you even organize your time between
all those things? I just let Steve
leave you do it.
I have another question, like, what's
your version of this all working?
Like, what is your... Well, that's the sad
thing. I'm talking to my therapist about it,
is that I've never had a version where it's, like, worked.
Like, in terms of, like, having to write
original stuff,
like, but it's been a while,
because the community
taught me how to, like, work with, like, people
and on a thing that needed to get done,
and when there's, like, a lot
of people involved, you can't fuck up
that much, like, but
when it gets down to, like, oh,
this is up to me to do a thing on, and no one's
around to yell at me,
so, like, I'll just, like,
it's just kind of amazing, but I don't
know, and my therapist said,
she said, uh, you're, uh,
oh, let's bring out Kumail Nanjiani. We should do that.
Woo!
What the f...
The show is already sexy.
Hello.
Hello. Are we starting
a sexy calendar? What's going on?
I know.
There's not a lot of gender balance on stage, but
I don't think the ladies will be complaining.
I mean, we all look fine, but if you had to
guess who's playing a vampire on TV,
it's...
It's very easy.
It's still so bitter that I got December
in the calendar.
Yeah, you gotta close it out strong.
What month would you be
in a sexy, uh,
hunky comedians of
calendar? What a horrible idea.
I'm saying
you had to do it.
I have to do it.
It's something that you made some sort of
terrible deal in part of the contract.
Who else is in the calendar?
Duncan Trussell, Daniel Gillies,
me, Spencer, and Dan.
And then, uh,
who else? We each got two months.
We each get a holiday month
and a, like, a free
freestyle month. Yeah.
You get December, you know,
it's like, fuck, man.
Yeah, then you get September,
color palettes spoken for.
I have to take a bullshit month because I got December?
Why do you get December?
I didn't realize that there was a month people wanted
in those kinds of games.
Well, you don't want February,
I think you want,
I just threw up in my mouth. You don't want September.
I want September. September 11.
But I want, uh,
well, that's not going to be part of the photo.
That's why you want it? You don't want that.
Oh, yeah, you don't want that.
I thought you were like, give me September 11.
I was thinking pile of leaves.
But I guess in the background,
there could be like a,
a shadow.
Yeah, whoever it is
is dressed as a firefighter.
It's like, it's like, it's like,
it's like you're, you're in a pile of leaves
in a, in a, in a swimsuit and like,
and you've got your glasses on the bridge of your nose,
but if you like zoom in.
Oh, the reflection.
The reflection in your pupil is like.
Not cool, dude.
I don't know. It's, to me, it's, uh,
to me, it's a tragic event and
wow.
What a stand to take.
Wow. You really put yourself out there.
What a bull.
Trump kind of wiped it out of me.
Do you find yourself as a, as a,
as a liberal, uh,
uh, guy on the
internet kind of like,
or just in regular life, do you find yourself
kind of like going to that muscle
that you used to use to be like,
of course I didn't mean to,
like, like, like, like when you're like,
when you're making sure you're,
you're speaking correctly and stuff, do you ever,
do you ever feel like a muscle rip?
Yeah, I think it's good to just let that muscle
atrophy and whatever comes out, comes out
and if you could, because I know,
I know as most of us here
know,
that Trump is going to be exactly what this
country needs and I'm not afraid
of saying it
anymore.
I think it's good to just let it, I think it's good
to let it come out and if you get us sailed
for it or whatever,
you know, that's the thing, man.
You taught me this thing that just stuck in my head
and the more I think, the more I think about it,
the more I think that pretty much sums it all up,
which is just
say, tell the truth,
how you feel right then in the moment,
let it come out, if that's who you are
and someone gets angry
at you for that thing, then
I think you said it to me, it's like they're angry at nature
and that, you know, they're angry
at the wind or something.
Wait, are you actually,
I haven't seen you in a little while,
are you actually supporting Trump?
No!
I was like, oh my god,
there's going to be words.
Supporting Trump?
Well, no, I mean, no,
people always say it's like, oh, he always
speaks his mind, well so do children
and we don't make them president.
Be a great movie.
Yeah.
But he doesn't speak his mind.
Let's not give him pride.
He's speaking like the mind
of some weird simulation of Tom Cruise
in his head.
Like, he's just saying like,
No, I think all that, I think all that.
Like, I think that
when you look at somebody who,
and I know a lot of people say he's in like,
maybe he's in a shit ton of debt or whatever,
but he does seem to have somehow
manifested a lot
of massive skyscrapers
and usually that indicates
not some lunatic who just
rambles, but some kind of very manipulative
person.
So, I think part of his deception
on one level
is to seem just like some loose
cannon or something like that
when underneath it is just a classic
all-American huckster.
Like, the, the, the, which is
a really old American tradition.
It's the, it's a, it is.
Like, the old American con artist, the guy
like, comes into town
with a bunch of bullshit medicine,
gives it to people.
What?
Yeah, fuck him.
Comes into town, builds a monorail
out of snake oil,
and then rides it away.
And all, and then all the babies
die from the exhaust.
He's like Robert Preston, a music man without, without
the catchy tunes.
Yeah, yeah, so I think people,
I think that the scary thing about him
is not that he's like,
oh shit, he's just a big baby.
It's that underneath the big baby
is a very, very intelligent
manipulative being.
I disagree. I don't see a very, very
intelligent guy.
There's nothing in there which reflects
to me anything but a complete emotional
and intellectual immaturity.
Like, I don't sense anybody's smile.
See, because I was kind of waiting for
the guy behind the curtain.
You know, I was waiting for the sort of
ball, and I couldn't, I can't see
that. I mean, maybe I'm not smart
enough to see how just how smart he is.
You can't run for president and wear ball caps.
No offense, Duncan's
wearing a ball cap right now, but you're not running for president.
That's it, you're getting May.
You're getting...
You can't, you can't, you can't
wear a ball cap
and stand behind a podium and run for president.
But he's proving you can.
Yeah, he did it. Like, do well at it.
I read an article about this.
You guys, I read this article about
the hair, he wears the cap
because his famously ridiculous
hair that's always
caught looking like fucking
cotton candy, you know, on
an autumn day, it's
he, like, someone told
him, it's like, this can't be part of
the campaign. You have to
take this out of the
equation.
And the ball cap literally does that.
There's no more of these pictures of him getting
out of airplanes where he looks like a fucking retard.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
Jesus Christ.
I really flew off the handle there.
You really look bad though, I'm sorry.
Spencer, even Reddit will give you
that one for free because you're talking about Trump.
His hair looks crazy.
It doesn't look like someone who can touch
their hair. I think
he's a new
breed of politician that has
recognized
a demographic in the world
which is
a demographic that maybe
isn't the smartest demographic
ever. Maybe. Yeah.
I'm trying to be, I don't want to be
an ass. No, I
truly think that if you support Trump, you're either
stupid or evil. Well,
I really think that.
Or
one of the blood people.
Whatever
it may be, like, you know the
there's the guy who's now going to be the prime minister
in the UK where there's the famous
video of him ziplining. Who's
also got Trump hair? Yeah.
They have their version of Trump. I'm telling you,
you're looking at the new
politician. It's all versions
of this brand new kind of
politician that's recognized. They all have
crazy smoky orange hair. And they figured out
the car, you know, like when you watch
resale furniture
commercials or car commercials
and the guy's like tap dancing
and he's like juggling in front of some cars
and I'm like, does that work? That can't
work, but it must work because they keep
doing it. It's the presidential
political version of that where they
figured out if I get in front
of like a TV king.
Yeah, that's it. A mattress king.
That's what it is. He's a mattress king.
They figured out that that works.
Fuck.
But I still don't. I mean, I...
You're killing me, EU.
Yeah. Well, whatever. Anyways.
You can listen to a different podcast
to find out that that guy's
a bad idea for everybody.
But
let me pick things up a notch with my
energy.
How do you
chew an Adderall and be this
low energy?
Well, it's not his first
Adderall. Yeah, it's been a while.
All right, you want to take a little...
You can just lay down and take a little nap. We'll take over the show.
We have the Rosanna Arquette him with the
fucking adrenaline.
The needle, that adrenaline needle? Yeah.
Or we can steak me for the 12th
fucking time.
Unbelievable. So who is
staking you?
I mean, who gives a shit?
Do you really give a shit?
Is your Van Helsing another
hunky guy?
Or is it like an old...
I'm the old guy on the show.
I'm like...
Are you a bad guy?
I don't know. I don't think anybody can be really deemed good
when there's sort of this murderous
creature thing.
But I mean, you know, I...
God, I'm already bored of hearing myself talking about this shit.
Um...
Yes, I'm kind of a bad dude.
But you're following me and
my brother's shenanigans
in New Orleans.
God, it's boring. No, it sounds...
I just haven't watched it, but it's like...
Have you read the Anne Rice books?
No, I have not.
Man, they're great. And when you go to
New Orleans, that place
seems like there should be vampires there.
It would make sense that you'd run into
vampires there. That's a haunted city.
Totally.
Is Diaries based on an Anne Rice property?
No, it is not.
Just a second.
I don't even know the name of the writer.
Got it.
Thank you.
You know what happened to me?
I met Obama two days ago.
Wow!
This is The Notch.
What's that? Malia?
Was he cool? No.
Which one?
The main guy.
Oh, really?
Yeah, I met D. Obama.
Wait, wait.
We'll tell us more. Why?
Okay, so...
There was a conference
and it was a very serious conference
and Barack Obama was going to speak at it
and they were like...
which is a terrible idea, they were like,
Silicon Valley guys should go and do 10 minutes
before, like, open for the president.
What?
We went on in this very serious conference
where people from Rwanda
and Jamaica have been talking about
how they're trying to get entrepreneurship
going in their countries.
We went on and tried to not say cunt.
Did you tell the Pakistan
porn tape story?
No.
That's good.
It was chaos.
No, no, no, no, no.
Because they were like,
if you swear on stage
you won't get to meet the president.
That's literally what they told us.
We didn't swear on stage
and then we got to meet him.
Do you think that's his rule?
Like he said, I don't want to meet anyone who curses.
He doesn't give a fuck.
Did anybody really say that?
Yes, I swear.
What?
They should not have.
Was it a stage manager?
No, no, one of the organizers
of the summit was like...
I want this context too.
She said...
It's not bad that it's a she.
No, it's a man.
It's just like you would assume
that a summit could only be run by a dude.
Let's be honest, we're all curious
to know whether or not it was a terrifying woman.
Because I want to know if she's representing the language.
Because she's representing, hey, don't...
If she's there to say, hey...
She had authority
and she said...
She talked about this and she was like, oh, and one more thing.
If you swear on stage,
you won't get to meet the president.
How did that get to be one more thing
and not the first thing?
I don't know. This was like two hours
into the brief, the meeting that we had.
Yeah.
How organized was this summit?
Organized as fuck, dude.
Barack Obama was there.
Right.
So she lays down the law.
That's not like a Harmontown where they're like,
let's see who shows up today.
It's not like he texted him that day.
Hey, do you have room tonight?
I'm going to stop by and blow your minds
with a 20-minute speech
that's going to make you cry and laugh.
And so we saw him speak
and he gave this great...
And then he hosted a panel and then we met him afterwards
and he hadn't seen the show.
He was like, I'm sorry, I haven't seen the show.
And I was like, well, you have a lot on your plate.
And he said, I'll binge it in six months.
He did.
For real?
And then I kind of made a bad joke.
I did a bad joke.
So we met him and he was very nice.
And then he was like,
it's good. He was like, funny people
don't turn into shooters.
That's what he said.
Wow.
No, but it got a huge laugh.
Everybody's laughing.
I don't know.
Sirhan Sirhan had a pretty tight five.
Yeah.
I think it's just sad that the problem
is that severe that he's thinking about.
But honestly, he's like,
there's another...
that you were one of eight categories of people
he met that day.
And one was a postal union or something.
And he was just like,
it's good to be here.
I gotta go.
What was your joke? What did you say?
So he said funny people don't
become shooters and everybody laughed.
And I said, but that doesn't mean
that unfunny people are all shooters.
And then it was like silent
for five minutes.
And he said, yeah, that's not
what I meant.
And I was like,
I am so sorry.
I'm going to go.
My ears turn red.
And you thought to yourself, I should have said
cunt on stage.
I avoided all of them.
And I saw him like cross Silicon Valley
off his binge list.
The last ship went up one night.
Yeah.
But he was...
he was very nice.
Always wanted to see that last ship.
I'm trying to do Obama.
What is that show about? Is it about
all the ships are gone and there's only one ship left?
Really? I honestly don't know.
I think there's some kind of
there's explosions
on the shore
and there's a ship.
It's like someone with a disease. I don't know.
Disease and explosions?
It's like a quarantiney thing.
It's a quarantine drama.
Oh, and then the ship is on the ocean
and they're the only ones that don't know what's happening on the...
I think they can't go to land, maybe.
That is how they pitched it.
So it's like...
Maybe?
It's like Star Trek,
where aliens are sick people
and space is really small
and wet.
And there's no hollow down.
No.
Um...
Hey, you know what I bummed out
didn't last more than four episodes?
Doomsday Preppers.
There's only four episodes?
Yeah, because...
I talked to somebody that
knew people that like producers on it
that the first couple were actual
people at Doomsday Prep.
The rest was completely just fabricated.
But they got actors?
They just found people...
I bet I know. They would find people
and go, oh, I hear you're
kind of passionate about
the poles reversing. Yeah, I am.
Do you like macaroni?
Yeah, I do.
Would you be willing to hold these
giant prop bags of macaroni
and say, when the poles shift,
I'm going to have all the macaroni I can eat?
Yeah, it turns out
there's not three seasons
worth of people that are awesomely
prepping for the Doomsday Prep.
Or if they're legit, they probably don't want to
talk to a fucking New World Order camera crew.
Yeah, or they're hard to find.
They're not going on
the Lifetime Networks website.
The most impressive shit I saw
the thing that I was like, that's my
Doomsday Jam was the shipping container
thing where you
get a bunch of shipping containers.
They're super cheap. They're bullet proof.
They're tornado proof.
They're everything proof. I think they're even
you know, they're closer
to being fallout proof
than say, I don't know,
a hat.
But
they have doors.
Yeah, I'm not saying
run, get in a shipping container
if there's nuclear war and you're going to be fine.
They bury it.
You can bury them
and make a little insta
Dungeon.
I don't want to be a nag. You can't just bury
them though.
Will you get a hole in the top?
No.
I got to tell you, I've been looking this up
since I was in high school
and according to leading
structural engineers
you bury one of those things
it crunches inwards like a can.
It's not designed to store
shit.
Well you can do it, you just got to reinforce it
and at that point just build a bunker.
Oh man, I'm not sitting inside
anything that would crush like a can
if it wasn't reinforced.
But it's such a romantic idea
to be in a box under the fucking
ground, it would be the best.
You're going to end up there.
That's all I want.
With John Goodman apparently.
I met a guy who
or I interviewed a guy
who bought a limestone
like the United States military
hollowed out this
massive, I think it was a limestone.
American psyche? What's that? Nothing.
Hollowed out this mountain
and he put all these RVs inside
of it.
Basically you can lease a space in it
drive your RV
under the mountain
and then when the apocalypse happens
you've got to make it to the mountain
but then you have a place to stay.
It was massive.
It's awesome. It's crazy under there
and the creepiest thing was
there's all these RVs that he's lined up
in this limestone cave
and next to one of them I guess to indicate
to prospective clients that it's a kid friendly place
he's put some
astroturf and a little kids bike
and like
like a ball.
It was the spookiest thing
you've ever seen
and you realize this guy who is giving me the tour
he's going to be
god under this mountain
when they seal the door.
The overseer. Yeah, he was the overseer.
It was really creepy. The underseer.
But also the place had a wine bar.
It was like that was part of it.
Whoa!
Now I'm in. Now you got me.
Wait, are people
buying spots? How much is a spot?
Well see, I
don't remember how much the spot was.
It was actually, it was pretty reasonable.
I remember it was like
for like the end of the world
and having a place to go to or the fantasy
that you have a place to go to
because he's taking care of all the prep shit.
He's filling the jukebox with
I think we're alone now.
Yeah.
Yeah it's all theme songs
where you're like in the beginning it was cool
they were all apocalypse themed but
after a year
it's the end of the world.
Fuck this.
We did
years ago like after like
I think like 2002
we did some USO tours with Drew Carey
that did an improv like for the troops around
and we did one show
up in Stavanger, Norway
for NATO troops.
So a lot of doctors and
highfalutin fancy pants that worked for NATO
and we went and visited
Hitler's Northern Bunker
which was a giant
complex carved into
a mountain like our actual
superhero.
Super villain.
Whoa.
Oh shit.
Wow.
But really.
Look he had some ideas.
Yes.
He made the trains run on time.
It was straight up
super villain Lex Luthor's shit.
And also
picture a giant mountain with giant
tunnels built by Nazi
engineers.
It looked exactly like that. It looked like
super villain Lair. It wasn't fun.
It was really
like Dr. Evil shit.
Were you shocked that Hitler's bunker wasn't fun?
I
would have thought. There would be like
a bike and a kids ball.
There was no wine bar.
Where was the fucking wine bar, Hitler?
That's the real crime.
I should think it's kind of funny
that like I think we've talked about this
before. You know the meme of
Hitler from that movie and
everything's been done with the subtitles.
And then there was a guy
who like
we had to have talked about this. There was
some guy who
I
have no idea what corporation it was but
like
some butter company or something
like I don't know tried using that
Hitler meme to like do like a little thing
about their butter or something and everyone
was like well now we can't buy your butter
and he's like but everybody else does it.
It's
kind of funny how
our S&P
is kind of projected inward
or outward from some weird
core of our body that's actually just
we're just thinking like
no one was offended
by that in relation to butter
but everyone was like you can't sell
butter and do that
because if you do
it's more like we monitor each other
for like a flickering LED
we just like thump it when it's like
flickering too much. It doesn't have anything
to do with it actually being offended it's just like
well if you haven't gotten the part
if you can't figure out that
what was Hitler's angle in that
I have no idea.
Oh you know like what's the movie called
Downfall
You've seen it?
People put subtitles to Hitler losing his
shit when he realizes that the Russians are coming
and he's losing the war and so it'll be about
the Dallas Cowboys are having another bad season
and they just change the subtitles
to why Hitler is all bummed out.
Yeah Conan leaving
whatever.
Pop cultural usually like large events
or the new iPhone is
Warcraft update
people don't like will often make it in there.
Some guy
who was technically
accountable to some company like
not Entenmins but something like
was like
Entenmins did a thing remember what was it
I can't remember.
It was the
I love this shit I'm sorry
I was one of the coffee table
book of this but what book
I could just go on the internet
but
the girl I'm laughing because
the
the kill
you okay Dan?
The there was a
now I'm laughing because of what I have to
now say after laughing this much there was
a lady who was famous for killing her baby
you're right that is funny
is that a KC
whatever yes the KC Anthony
verdict was what not
guilty
the trending
topic was not guilty
and so some
like kid that worked at Entenmins
I think it was was like
who's not guilty of
eating a delicious
brownie
that person was just thinking like oh shit
I got to get up on this trend
like everyone's talking about not guilty
for some reason
because of a baby murder
specifically an unpunished
one
so it just kind of looked like they were like
yeah
but they weren't even trying
to do that obviously they weren't actually making
it they didn't know they were probably like oh it's
a trending topic yeah one more
customer that's gonna be out that can buy
Entenmins
anyways I like
that stuff I love the triumvirate of
Trump, KC Anthony
and Hitler
this is going beautifully
did you guys watch the OJ documentary
by the way
no not the documentary no
you got to see it I just I was away
I just heard about it oh it's amazing
because it's about I didn't know
like the LAPD
and so the racial inequality 60 70s
80s and then
with OJ's career and then 90s
obviously you know he killed two people
and
it's pretty I didn't know did he
Camille did he 100%
okay wait don't you remember
that book you tried if I
if I did it if I did it it would
have gone a little something yeah
no I didn't do it I like this
do you guys see the cover of that
book now everyone's like oh yeah
if I did it I get a big joke
but if you actually see the cover
in big red letters it said I
did it and then inside
if you know why
cause like it's very clear
but Ron Goldman's parents
got the rights to the book and they
redesigned the cover so that it looks
like I did it because he was the guy
that he killed with Nicole Brown
and so they published the book and they
changed it so that I did it and if
it's really small yeah
isn't he's in jail right now though
yeah he's in jail because it's so crazy
he like went to steal
his Heisman trophy and shit back
but it was it was it's the craziest
story because he gets
his friends together and he's going
to get some of this stuff back
but so you see the hotel
footage of him and his friends but they get
lost so you see the footage of them
like going up and down elevators
like going here and then coming back
it's like Keystone cops
and then it's it's it's such
a great documentary you would love
it and that that stuff is
in at the end like him getting arrested
yeah because nobody knows what he I
didn't know what he did after he got
acquitted and before he got arrested for this
thing like he was releasing rap
albums and shit while doing
cocaine in Vegas like there's like rap
videos of him like dancing
with girls and it's amazing
if you go to the if you ever do a gig
in Vegas there's a restaurant called the
Golden Steer it's like a it's like a
famous old steak restaurant where like
John Wayne's like Winchester rifles are
up there and there's the Sinatra booth
and the Natalie Wood booth and the
Joey Bishop booth it's great did you
just yep Natalie Wood
fan in the crowd
Dave Kline lives two things
freestyle rap and Natalie Wood
but there is a table
if you want to you it's called the
Last Supper table as if you have a big group
there's a table in the middle
of the room and that's where OJ
had his last dinner before he turned himself
in for the go to jail for the
the kidnapping
break-in thing that he did. You're still
the juice juice
listen to me
you're still the juice
juice
hey have you been to that steakhouse
and
if you've been
to that steakhouse in Vegas
that's got all the like
sad cow paintings all over the wall
looks kind of like John Wayne
Gacy painted a
it's the creepiest fucking place
amazing steak but like it's like
when you're
they boast the saddest cows
but no they have that
special like Wagyu beef
where they like they rub
soap into the cows for a year
soap?
nice flavors
they rub soap into the cows
they do something I don't remember what
they do
they massage it and they feed it beer
so it's like perfectly marbled
so you get this marbled cow
but I swear to god I was sitting in there eating
and all of a sudden
the music it was like
they were playing the sound of cows being
slaughtered
yeah for real
like I
what does that sound like
just like dying animal sounds
like underneath it all
like you get the feeling
they actually hate cows
they hate cows you get that feeling
the guy who started the restaurant
his mom was trampled by cows
or something and then he just
this is a cow
genocides
he's like I'm gonna open a restaurant
first of all make sure it's the best
steak you can get
otherwise nobody's gonna come in here
it's just an extra fuck you
it's like plus you're delicious
they show you the picture of the
cow dying slowly
being beaten with a shoe
it's worse it's just
it's the pictures are depressed looking
cows they're like
it's like they know something's not quite
right in the paintings
you know when the guy comes to make a painting of you
days are numbered
like oh fuck
you got the easel out
the cows have to sit for a sad portrait while they're on death row
yeah drinking beer
while someone's rubbing soap in them
why is it soap
I'm more concerned about the soapy
I don't know if the soap is real
slaughterhouse oil painters
it's the saddest job
that's a bad gig but they make a lot of money
let me ask you guys this
Duncan and I were talking about this
on his podcast I was just his
200th guest and
at one point we
briefly and we both agreed at the time
but now I'd like to open it up to the panel
if you were
going to get eaten by cannibals
like let's say
let's just
let's just centralize it
and say it's like traditional
like movie
no not vampire
please jesus no
I'm trying to ground it
cannibals are technically a form of vampire
and do like an 80's
where it's like you're
in a jungle and you've been caught
by an indigenous tribe of people that eat human flesh
and so you are to them
you're
you're prey and you're
you're getting like prepared to be
cooked and you're going to get
eaten do you
want them to enjoy you
if they paint me as an oil painting beforehand
you know that cannibals don't eat comedians
you know why
oh god what is this
because they taste funny
oh god
you're allowed to buy guns now
by Obama's law
you could be a shooter
that was so not funny
I might kill everybody
you're back on the watch list
since you asked that question
why don't you open the bid
you know I originally when we were sitting down
we were in the middle of a larger screen
about like yeah once you can't do anything about it
but like yeah well let me
I'm thinking about it like because I'm trying to think
like
so I'm picturing like
okay so I'm long gone
and then they're like
they're talking about work and stuff
and then like they're eating me
wait wait wait what are they
how are they are you a hamburger
I'm picturing like a glass
dish like you would serve all gratin
or
sophisticated cannibals by the way
it was just like I'm trying to
just because I'm just trying to create like
these cannibals have glassware
it's like Logan's fucking run
blowing glass and eating humans
it's my two favorite things
blowing glass and eating that
because I'm trying to make it as much as possible
like it's just people are eating
oh just a palatable
I'm just trying to remove all any kind
of extraneous like things so that's why
I'm going with like a weird cartoonish
like tribe of cannibals because they're like
oh there's like this mythical people that
eat people and that's for them it's ever it's just
it's just Wednesday and then
and then because and then I don't want
to get into like trying to like write
like all the like coconut
Robinson Crusoe technology
that they'd used to eat me so I'm just picturing like
my my relatives
like Easter or something and just like a
banquet table and then there's like
so there's like chunks of me and like
macaroni and like
there's like my head with an apple
in it and like
just like like much shavings
of my ass on like
arranged in a fan with like
pimento and
like and so and so I'm just picturing like
two guys
let's leave the ladies out of it tonight
like just to just commit to it
what are their names Dan?
Dire
Dire Straits and
and
Captain
Captain Captain Cannibal
Uh
so they go like
oh what did you do yesterday?
I ate some people and I had to go hunting for
people and try to grow people but that's
you know that's not gonna work. Yeah me too
and then and then like one of them
you know they've been chewing on me
for a little bit it's not like oh let's try
this it's like it's like like
they got there they were busy
the guy that cooked me is like still cooking
me oh it's not Captain Cannibal
or Dire Straits that cooked you
right these guys are just
this is just like like like yeah I just
what's the name of the guy that cooked you?
Dave
Dave Dave?
yeah and so like
like I mean it doesn't matter if you can't tell
it doesn't matter so like
but then so then one of these guys is like
yeah well you gotta
you gotta worry about that because if you don't
then that'll get you and then they
and then they're like fuck
this is so good
you want that
I don't know I'm picturing that and I'm like
is that what I want is that what I want to think
about as I'm dying is like they're like
have you tried the that
the
the pink stuff and they go like
shit man that is fucking good is there
anymore of that like I don't know and they're like
high five in each other I don't know
but then I'm
picturing the other thing where they're like
yeah I don't like that I don't like that
which one do you like which one do you want
I don't know I don't know
I want them to like me you don't want the last
thing to be a rejection like
he's fucking disgust
you want to it's nice you want to feel
not that you're gonna be aware of it but
you want to be like it becomes easy
once you've accepted that you're gonna get eaten
but it's like right now sitting here
I'm in a more resistant state so I'm
like so I'm thinking about it more like
no I hope they choke on it like like
because somehow maybe if they choke
hard enough they won't be eating me God
I don't want to get eaten like it's like forcing
you into a realm where you have to already
accept at the beginning of the scenario that
you're dead and you're being eaten
well that you know that I think we started
talking about that because
we um I saw this uh
Naked Afraid episode where
this guy
this hippie guy like throws a rock at a
a jungle chicken
and he and he takes jungle chicken
yeah that is beautiful
there are jungle chickens
there is a chicken in the jungle
there was a chicken
I'm pretty sure are there like little baby kitty cats
it was like a
it was a chicken in the Amazon
and he I think it was a chicken
there was a chicken in there
there ain't no jungle chicken
it was a bird
I think he means a velociraptor
I
I'm pretty sure it was a chicken
maybe the show is planting easy to hunt
animals
jungle chicken
but he
he picks up
he picks up the jungle
birds and he
he's like and it's not he's stunned it
it's I think he may be trapped or he threw
it and he stunned it
he picks it up and he brings it up to his
face and he's like
I am so sorry I need your life
energy right now I need
you I need you
and then he snaps its neck
and I was thinking that's the most
fucked up thing because the chicken
doesn't speak English
and
right and then and just
it's a lot like that guy in Schindler's
list that's like
shhhhhh
exactly that's it
no no no why are you being cute
yeah you're eat your if you're gonna eat it
it's like this is an HP Lovecraft moment
for the chicken it's surrounded
by an alien
camera crew and suddenly something is
like
yeah
that is satanic man
so
there's another contrast
with another my favorite episode naked and freighters is like a Mormon dude who
the Mormons like they refuse to like huddle for warmth like that's part of
their thing so if you're if they're doing but that's so many wives if they're
devout they have enough wives for the huddle I think if you're devout
anything I don't know why you're on naked and freight but but but if you're
devout anything but I think this part for my memory this was a and I've seen it
before as a Mormon person who blah blah blah the the the he was he kind of lost
his mind in the heat and he started trying to get this lizard and I'm like
the first day of hunting the lizard he grabbed the lizard by the tail the
lizard kept is that the tiniest fucking lizard this lizard is the size of a
goddamn like your pink like not even your pinky that's like like the like
the and so it's like come out and it would be like on a branch and then he'd
like run at it and it would go in this little hole in there in a rock and then
like what at one point he grabbed it by the tail and he had it and then the tail
came off and he just had the tail oh yeah and then he was he just spent the
whole episode going that lizard still in there every day it comes out and it
mocks me and it's all he started losing his mind and the fucking like lizard
came out at a certain point I think I think he started like banging the rock
like to drive the lizard out he wasn't even patient it was just like he just
started banging the thing the lizard came out he grabbed it in his hands and
he and he just went yeah and then he and then and then I'm pausing in the
narrative but then he's just like did this victory victory cry and then lifted
the fist to his face so that the lizard could make eye contact with him and and
with no irony no no poetry no glibness out actual fucking Hemingway level like
like just me in the lizard like like like he just locked eyes with the lizard
and said you like that you like that you ready for this here it comes and and
bit the lizard's head off and and and and chewed it like like it was a piece of
hubba-bubba was he just just as happy as the live-long day and I like extra not
like there was so there was contrast that was like oh man I get to eat I feel
really bad yeah I'm so sorry this guy did you he wasn't even gonna live off of
this thing he was more excited about how much suffering the thing had gone
through is it naked during this whole interaction yes and yes that's the dark
side of religion though that's what happens you're all repressed and you go
out and you're biting heads off lizards they were they were definitely yeah
they were there I that's a great show I think it's a I think I mean it's a
great show and those guys who because I looked it up because the queue I was
wondering how much they get paid to do it so they don't they get nothing to go
out there for 21 days it's like 4,000 bucks I can't remember you can look at
it up probably whatever the guilt minimum is for a reality show no that's true yeah
well I know it's not even that because what they say is they say that you've
won a contest so the way they do they're they're a terrible prize that's what
they know that that's what's funny is they have this great attorney who like
figured out a way around I guess all the laws about like what if they die on set
and what is the culpability so the idea is you he's he goes strangers die all
the time yeah what if they were strangers well it's a it's a contest it's a
contest you want to contest where the reward is you get to spend 21 days in
an exotic location trying to survive while being filmed by cameras all the
lizards you can eat yeah but that's a great show that's amazing I heard for I
heard they that read the red tape didn't work out for that anymore so for the next
season whatever country you go to they we just declare war on it and
then you they send you over there and you're an enemy combatant oh wow so we
can just it's 9-11 don't clap are you wearing that a hat now
currently yes oh good no but are you like have you I woke up from a nap and
I was in a rush and I okay you pull it off you pull it off I think it's tough
for dudes to pull off non baseball hats I think so but you know Jeff Jeff could
definitely be like a spokes he could be the logo for like a spot spy spy
garage door openers or yeah he's trying to sell you x-ray glasses our dearly
departed friend Sam Simon I went to his house one time I hit a party and I
walked in wearing a hat and I had like a it was raining so I like an overcoat on
and I had a hat like this on and he was what do you inspect our gadget I don't
think it's I think it's more like a it's it's a William Burroughs like you you
seem like you would you would you might be you might shoot heroin and some yeah
some but not like the normal like like you know normal like white shooting
heroin like heroin in a nice beautiful beautiful like opium dyn
style is the reason why I'm fluent heroin the reason why I would never do
heroin because I also the same reason why I'd never I've never smoked yeah
why would you never do heroin because I would be I would really I think I'd
really get into it I think yeah that's the thing of heroin people get into it
but not I would get addicted to it like I've never smoked a cigarette because I
think like I mean now I wouldn't do it because I'd like I'm mature but when
when when you're a teenager and people start smoking I never did it because I
just thought oh fuck I'm a smoker I would like to have the lighter and the
tapping of the thing and like a reason to leave of the room and go outside and
have a cigarette but also if I were a smoker I would probably be fancy about
it and I would like make my I would go to this I have a friend that goes to a
tobacconist in Seattle it has his own like numbered blend of tobacco and they
make him his own cigarettes like I would be one of those yeah you'd have like a
metal case and stuff yeah but if I were heroin I would have like an old vintage
1920s set that was used by you know like yeah Greta Garbo's uncle or whatever
like and I would have like fancy like a nice surrender so the reason you don't
want to do heroin is you'd like spend too much money on the accoutrement no I
wouldn't want to do it because I would die doing heroin but the reason why I
would get into it is because I would like the toys you'd like the toys yeah
yeah you guys you guys you guys know my cat died whoa my god just to just to
pick things up a notch sorry yeah I heard you've done that that fifth died
while I was away in London I was very sad I said you a message and got no
reply oh I'm sorry it's all right you're busy yeah his cat what when did those
when did this pass away I was a few weeks ago yeah I was I was in I was in
can't I was in Canada I was going from the airport to the hotel and then Steve
Levy called and he was in tears and was he sick I mean other than the I mean
was he like did you think that he was fine yeah I was like no he was crying
because my cat died are you a sociopath okay why is he crying did he have
personal loss look water is leaking from their eyes what is this did you know he
was near the end well she I beg your pardon I mean I had been prepared for
it forever psychologically because I've had cats that have gone down before and
that's and Fiv was like of indeterminate age but we knew at least 10 and she was
FIV positive and she had a whole slew of lately last couple years she had like
you know when they gave me the big bags of fluid with the big large gauge needle
I was like look I'm you know great I don't like lately here we go like you
know so I was ready and the but she was fine I mean I think that she might have
had like kind of a kitty Alzheimer's kind of thing going on because towards the
end she she she did she she really stopped caring about the dogs as much
I always felt really bad that the dogs were kind of terrorizing her and like
towards the end she was sort of like she didn't really care where she was and and
but she had like a weird wiggle to her head that was happening and I kept
wondering as like she was on thyroid medication I was like I wonder if that's
like the thyroid medication is like jacking her up a little too much would
take her take her in routinely and she just had a lot of shit going on and I
and so after I left for Canada two weeks ago apparently the cat sitter came
over and she was like meowing in pain and it was like walking funny so she
took her to the vet and welcome to the best podcast ever if you're never more
than a Trump observation away from a dead cat story but but she took she took
her to the vet and she had she had she had pancreatitis and it was in such bad
shape that they started prepping her for an emergency like thing like they were
gonna like send her to a facility or something like that while they were
prepping her for surgery she had a stroke yeah Spencer was there oh you
were there I got there yeah she had a stroke and so she was essentially like
I had to like authorize the first I had to verify that's all I could leave you
was like describing to me the thing and I was like I was like so is the idea that
I'm supposed to get permission like I couldn't I was like I didn't want to
sound like a weird monster you were my idea yeah you're like put it down no
but I couldn't I had to keep verifying it but yeah it seemed like she was she
had a like a she was like essentially they were keeping her alive and she was
like at the at the door of eternity and I had to like give the okay like to end
it right yeah she probably would have made it anyway but yeah she probably
wouldn't have been horrible I missed you I did she probably was gonna make it
but good call
he's doing much better because she probably would have made it but like you
said $750 cap like he just like revealed some like policy I had about they said
what they said with the with the insulin it would have been like 758 yeah also
you're in Canada so with the exchange but I felt really guilty about it this
was interesting to me I was telling my therapist about it and I was expressing
all this kind of self-loathing about it like like which I would tonight except
like I think she stepped in and because I was I was like oh man I just hit the
deadbeat dog cat owners jackpot because I always felt really guilty about how
this she was she and I were like buddies and partners and and I just kind of like
the dogs came into the picture and I got super busy and her last years were not
the same as you know the Benjamin Button 25 year old years with the mattress on
the floor and she and I just like fucking you know paint in the room and and and
her coming up with ideas for my screenplays and me letting her hump my
arm because she wasn't spade yet you know like we had we had peaks with
that relationship and she traveled with me through several homes and intimate
others all of whom adored her and everyone that met her loved her and and I
just felt agonizingly guilty in general because it was like oh she was neglected
like in her lap you know she just became like like she was a big house and she
just kind of started hanging out she's like I don't like these dogs and it was
like I'm busy and I was expressing all that to my therapist and she said yeah
you know sounds like you have a lot of issues about neglect and like your cat
you know has is gonna bring a lot of that stuff up but first and foremost while
she's still your cat that just died why don't you make sure that you mourn her
because what you're doing right now is actually taking away from that process
which it was kind of profound to me I was like oh I was like making her death
about me and making it sad which is like the opposite of a cannibal going like
this is delicious Dan Harmon like you I think that you didn't eat the cat but
Spencer did say I do have a text from Spencer that says she was a Spencer in
the midst of all this stuff like it was like Spencer like she might die if she
does what do you want to do with the body should I put it in the freezer
were you sad Spencer oh yeah yeah I was all busted up are you being
sarcastic oh no no not at all hardest man to read no it was hard it was this is
really tough I yeah no it was sucked if it was great Dan your assistant Steve
it was more than just let's not diminish him he's an awesome dude all the way
around but he's such a good assistant he he let me know about that like he
actually put out that that bat signal I'd like let let your friends know about
Civ that's pretty amazing yeah the amount of shit that that guy does like that
it's pretty crazy and he was he was so broken up about it and I was like how's
Dan doing he's like well he's in Canada right now like he didn't like I don't
know how much he knew about what your grief to Chris Cross I'll make it jump
jump I was just like some Canadian party it's Chris Cross Canadian just the
first song in my head that seemed like the opposite of what you should be
listening to after your cat dies that story was so sad it made that man throw
up into a bag oh don't call him out he's fine yeah somebody's barge in the room
will be fine wow it's been a real rollercoaster are you alright sir props
not he's unconscious do you need us we could call like do you want us to put
you in the freezer or an ambulance how can we help yeah how can we help you
help her and get a call on ambulance yeah it's a she what's happening yeah I
guess while this is happening Daniel you want to do is do a couple scenes from
from the originals for us or over there helping and over there helping see Daniel
that's the real hero that's no vampire that's a hero over there yeah he's like
how can I actually help a sick you're all sitting here like oh yeah Daniel
actually is one of those people aside from being awesome hilarious a wonderful
father and husband and everything he's just a great dude all around when the
Katrina happened he he was like working like he was he like he had stuff going on
he just he's from New Zealand but he was living here and he just picked up shit
told us why I'm gonna fucking go and he went to he will not let me tell the
story because I can tell it now because now that now he's helping him humanity
yeah he went there and just he's like I can't watch the news and watch what's
going on here without helping so he goes to New Orleans and he said hey I'm here
I want to help people and like you can't help people as you work for the Red
Cross there's all this red tape and all this stuff so he commandeered a fucking
bulldozer or some shit he stole a Red Cross sticker if you hear he looked
right into the construction workers eyes and cast a spell over this is all in
the middle of the night but he actually he had to kickbox very briefly a
werewolf from Amnesty International he was going there because he knows
there's blood banks there but this surrounded them with garlic so it was
real talk he actually like he actually is a good person that like with that like
sacrifice his own time livelihood and safety and just went out there and said
like if they're not they're not gonna let me help I'm just gonna pretend I'm
just gonna like go around like the red tape and just like get shit done and he
fucking did it's like it's it's it's amazing why couldn't you save my cat
where was he when my cat was dying that'll be amazing if it came back on
stage Daniel Gillies everybody Daniel Gillies I was saying cunt on stage at an
amount of fosters oh throwing a beer is not the best idea tap it it's gonna
blow did for those listening Dave Kline just toss Daniel Gillies the largest can
of beer he tossed him a keg of beer my tiny Trump hands couldn't catch it
Daniel how long were you in New Orleans for when you went out to help with the
Katrina stuff on the two weeks two weeks yeah you you you commandeer like you
just you just said you faked credentials and got a bulldozer and started
helping move move debris and shit that sounds so much more heroic than what I
did and and I didn't rescue his cat so I'm a double fucker you heard that but
but no yeah he was right or it's true that you should have trust me believe me
the no what ended up happening was I went down there was no I couldn't rent
anything in terms of a vehicle in Louisiana and I and I ended up looking
around in Mississippi to try and find something like a truck I knew I'd need
something some sort of vehicle if I was gonna be helping people and so I got
this is so quiet and that sounds so name-droppery it's okay to drop the name
Katrina if you help sure it's not Beyonce and you hung out with her you
met Katrina intimately so here it goes here it comes so it's weird he's my
pal so Ryan Gosling you drop that you drop that Mike like that name
dropping Mike's name that's so cool no that's so cool no but seriously tell us
tell us so cool I forgot this part of the story Daniel go on
so cool yeah we're just giving you shit go ahead sorry so you called movie star
Ryan Gosling we're not behaving like people that want the rest of the story
which I do I do I just a couple symmetrical hanging out go ahead
symmetrical wait I'm putting a pin in the word symmetrical wait but I don't
we're torturing the guy who if there's an earthquake and there will be soon is
90% likely to be the one that saves your life so I actually go ahead see
oh sorry so look I was I was watching the stuff on TV and I was getting more
and more bummed out and I ended up I ended up making a call to Ryan and I
said hey should we go we should go and do something about this I'm going to
the airport tonight to try and get to to Mississippi because it's where I can rent
the car because all the vehicles are gone in Louisiana and he said cuz he's
more heroic than I in the story and he was already on his way he's like I'm
already he's like he's like I'm already running there he's obviously driving
obviously yes all of his he'd already packed two tig tops he's running he's
got two suitcases above his head and he's running faster than any man has
ever run if you go down to Katrina with Ryan Gosling and he's not driving
you're just being an asshole he's just running going right you know I never I
never dreamed that this story would sound as fabricated as it does when I
end up telling it it's just it sounds like total fucking shit amazing and like
what every part of life should be like everyone should do this Spencer I want
to make love to you oh man I'm just so cool don't you already there like this
could be a movie oh my god we want to see it like yeah so he's already on his
way uh-huh and I said I so I said oh that's great because I'm on my way to
the airport I flew down to Mississippi I got I hired a bullshit moving truck and
then I drove to Louisiana and Ryan Ryan was already saying to meet him in
Biloxi and so we went to I went to come meet him in Biloxi but we couldn't get
past a certain security area so I said that we should steal some some Red Cross
stickers because the Red Cross actually had super were super regulated and kind
of militant about the way that they were approaching everything like the way in
which they were distributing well you know in wartime they were the Red Swastika
I didn't actually they had to change that no I'm kidding I just don't Google that
it just seems like the kind of thing that you'd alright too soon right so we
stole what if they thought they could you know what if they thought that was
enough like oh boy better make that a cross yeah let's take some of these
lines off okay so you guys we work with the Red Cross for a couple of days and
before we stole stickers before I stole the stickers I was getting bummed out
working with the Red Cross I don't want to sound disparaging across on this
thing that's being filmed and recorded but but but they were being super
regulated about it there were certain hours in the day that you could work and
you could help and it was like sort of ten to four and we were like well we
wanted to sort of go into the heart of things and Biloxi was the most fucked up
so we ended up stealing some stickers from the Red Cross that we could get
through the security and and we ended up sort of setting up a like a temple
there like a Hindu sort of temple thing there there's a huge sort of Thai
population there actually and then we ended up we met up with some guys who
had bulldozers yes the bulldozers did exist and and and we were sort of
clearing debris from the streets and are you Hindu barely but you are no I'm
not what do you mean you set up a it was a nice refuge you went and he didn't
make one I thought he said that too like holy fuck you and Ryan Gosling built a
Hindu temple wow yeah that's what I thought I was still there today yeah and
it's one of and it's and it's and it's and it's it's it's raised their their
city's revenue by 10% it's like a profitable temple it's like a game of
civilization right it's like Daniel what was the party was it your birthday
that you had at the at the Chateau Marmont when Ryan Gosling did the coolest
thing I've ever seen as a gift was it your birthday it was my birthday and so
he cured AIDS simply with his biceps with mariachi that's why there's a Hindu
temple Daniel got it one of those cool like the Chateau Marmont hotel there's
a few rooms have awesome balconies are big you know and they'll have like like
there's like dining room in it like they brought up a full-on that was that you
was for dining rooms Natalie one dining rooms for those of you playing
David Pine bingo tonight so easily impressed a whole room were you just so specifically impressed I mean he
didn't he didn't care nothing for the rest about the Hindu temple they erected
overnight dining rooms mind-blown so yeah so there's a knock at the door that the
party is already in progress and in walks what would you call Daniel a seven
piece band ten seven a full-on East LA mariachi band and the full up the full
thick like that the big hats or the tassels and the big like the silver
embroidery and they came in and they're singing see a little lindo they come in
right Ryan Gosling just fucking brought a mariachi band that was his gift to the
party he went to a terrible gift to a party they came out and they stood in
the balcony and they fucking serenaded us and then they played like four or five
songs and boned out and it was like I asked him like that's the greatest thing
I've ever seen in my life like he's like $300 that's like that's all it costs
like you look at you don't come play your party I'm like I can't get them all
signed headshots that's a great gift that's really good well how do we get to
be friends with this guy I am friends with him can I tell you my story
you've been waiting so I was you guys are you guys were first responders at
9-11 yeah this episode is the Ryan guys he called him he called him on 9-11 and
then Ryan was like I've been running since 9 10 no uh when I was uh when I
think when I was in college I went we went to India and we were taking a boat
down the Ganges River you and Ryan Gosling no this is no just me and a
friend all right Ryan Gosling comes into the story so we're on the Ganges River
we're on a boat on the Ganges River and this like you know the Ganges River
there's a lot of death floating down so there's like a cow floating down the
river bloated and and birds are riding on its back and I look at my friend I'm
like I just don't think I can handle all this death Ryan Gosling explodes out of
the cow and he no joke and he looks at he looks at me and he says death is just
a part of the cycle of life that's amazing that's amazing that he is so
cool I so cool how could he hear you how could he hear you from inside a cow
he's Ryan Gosling man I can't get a read on Daniel I don't know if he's gonna
beat us up or that horrible joke to Obama Ryan Gosling dropped from the
sitting it was like that wasn't that bad he he dropped down like in front of
Obama as Obama walked away and whispered to Obama and Obama came back to
you it's like on second thought given my joke yours wasn't that bad yeah I just
think that's the coolest thing ever though to imagine that when disasters are
happening there are beautiful famous symmetrical men on the way to help that's
a really cool fucking thing this is Daniel this is your worst nightmare isn't
it I hate this my beard smells beautiful so fuck all of you but what do you I
mean what is that instinct because okay so microcosm of it obviously the so the
guy who was in the audience and then he needed help I was still talking to
Daniel like he was on stage Daniel was already in action like yeah Duncan and
I were like making fun of me I'm the least funny person on the male was like
whispering to me don't point him out and you what did you do and then Daniel's
there helping we saved his life do we have an update on our honor on our yeah
Ryan Gosling to the hospital came down in a helicopter yeah on one of those
rope ladders just scooped them up yeah gorgeous lat yeah the guy just called an
uber and it was like Ryan Gosling is coming and then a helicopter shows up
he's somehow piloting and hanging off the ladder but then there's the dark
montage of stories that are like Ryan Gosling lawsuit continues as the woman
he pulled from the burning car asserts he threw out her shoulder news Ryan
Gosling's a brush with the Interpol agency and it's like it's like this
montage and it's like a fall from grace like there's no more you know we started
to take Ryan Gosling for granted and yeah and then we started fucking shitting
on him and that and then it's like and then it's like and then the end of that
credit sequence is like I like still no word from Ryan Gosling after two years
years years years and then you go to this the Gosling cave or what I mean I
don't want to yeah I don't want to over develop he's doing he's yeah he's doing
push-ups and he's like three thousand okay no I think he would just be sitting
in there like like like when I wouldn't be I mean I mean that would be a sad
moment why would he be doing a three thousandth push-up because I think now
he's ready to go out again oh okay my version we're already at like he's now
gonna go but and you can you put that right after the I mean but it's two
years spend any time yeah you're the writer well I mean he's carving Hindu
deities in this cave and sitting in front of them yeah it's like like sundown
and then he's like he's like he's in a bizarre and he's the finishing he's
going no to show but that show but that to to hop hop tipped it and there's like
like all these people are climbing him and kissing him and he's like a machete
machete much much much much and then he goes back to like this like 1800s like
kind of like British colonial office building where he's a detective but he
plays soccer with some kids on the way back oh yeah no it's like he's like that
kid the kid with the like greasy polo shirt yeah yeah yeah he goes like
gasoline gasoline sir mr. Gosling and he goes like oh no let me show you kick
kick jump kick kick and then hop hop and then but that kid on page 70 what blows
up that's right he notices he's cradling that kid's fucking body going when the
kid kicks the ball he notices that the kid like he turns and there's like a
weird like scar on the back of a cigar burn on it and he he stores that
information later on he like he finds out there's a guy that loves to burn kids
with cigars and shit like that we were making a fun detective slash
thing he goes home to his office like I said his receptionist is like a money
penny there's kind of a sexual like like like pepper pots kind of like it's
too it's too hot to be sexualized until the end of the movie kind of relationship
and and she's like what's going on out there he's like I got to come all the
way to Jakarta and there's a kid out there he's got a fucking cigar burn on
the back of his head Ryan he can't save everybody wherever you go it's like
yeah what are the cases a walrus poaching happened on the
the Jakarta walrus poaching trade it's gone on for too long but it's great if
the guy poaching the walrus is the cigar burning man that's easy he doesn't
just poach he burns he burns kids sometimes yeah it's pretty good it's
the way it's a lame villain man how fun would it be to really be part of a
murder mystery on a real train well it depends on what what end of the murder
you're not being the victim or even the person who's responsible for well
figuring it out but just to me I feel like if there's a murder on a train let's
stop that train let's all get off right stop the fucking train let's go first
stop you stop I think there's I think that the there's trains that need they're
using that track I don't think you can just stop a train I think well I'd
prefer to have it stopped in that instance not if you're an oncoming train
but the closest way the quickest way to get to a place where there's cops and
stuff is to keep the train moving if you stop the train who can get there
because the track is already occupied yeah I get out of there there's there's
been a murder on a closed but you're in Siberia the train's going through
Siberia it's like a snow piercer oh it's snow piercer yeah oh man it's just
or it's just a train I mean that's like I feel like when the when there's a
murder mystery on the train and you come into a station because you have to stop
every so often on a train the cops are too they're too visible on the platform
they come looking around they get they give the murderer too much time to
fucking you know he's hiding in the bathroom he's climbing on the roof yeah
who knows what's happening so you know they should make train roofs a little
less easy to walk I was just gonna say that and train doors they should yeah
you should not be able to walk out of a train door climb up on the roof as an
option right there's a ladder reading leading to the roof and if all that's
going to be going on all the time and there's gonna be that many murders and
trains then you got to make those tunnels higher oh yeah so the good guy
yeah no but the good guy knows the duck right yeah but you know there's that
old saying murderers on top of trains aren't the aren't the people that kill
people the tunnels tunnels kill kill people
don't kill people murderers on top of trains kill kill appeal tunnels kill
people yeah but if you look into those stats a lot of times what you'll find is
that this the statistical likelihood that the person that gets killed on top of
during a train fight they've studied this it's as you'd expect contrary to what
movies would have you believe half of the time the guy who gets taken out by
the tunnel is the good guy half of the time if you might as well flip a coin
assuming a two-man fight on top of a train you know really correct sir good
good job 5050 you've got a math genius the statistic is it's actually very
similar to if you have a weapon it's more likely that you're gonna kill
yourself with a weapon that you're gonna defend yourself with a weapon in the
same way if you're on a train it's more likely that you're going to kill
yourself on the train for sure based on these red the reddit videos if you see
those where there's a whole there's a whole thing happening and I think it's
in India where these kids hang out the side of the train for it for thrills
so they will like hang themselves outside the train and then there's a whole
genre now of videos of the kid just getting smashed in the holes and you're
watching these all night I can't get to sleep it's I can't get to sleep I
can't sleep I mean I can't get to sleep unless I see the kid getting
murdered and then I go right out oh man you gotta go to man for 4 Chan plus
China equals fucking crazy fucking well you know like the guy that invented a
microwave he never wanted one in the house because he realized how he knew
how strong the magnetrons are and how like how bad they are for our bodies
Raymond tunnel what a magnetron magnetron it tells us that we got a
transformer yeah fights Optimus Prime it's not a shot of nemesis to Optimus
Prime magnets magnetrons are the business end of a microwave are the
things that cook your food I think I should be the business end of the
mic oh shit magnetron no I'm Starscream oh I'm always trying to use that
yeah I would do a better job making ramen Starscream I tired of your
incompetence wait who's that character magnetron magnetron which is why he
doesn't have to sound like Megatron it's cool am I wrong about Megatron one guy
yes one fifty-fifty I bet he's right
magnet that was the most outraged response he said that's how he's right
that he's micro is that the inventor of microwaves back there he sounded like
like like we could make that a guy was virtually dead two seats in front of you
virtually dead but that's what outrageous you beautiful it was also like
that 15th time today that someone has gotten that wrong that was the vibe of
him correcting 15 times someone said magnetron it's not fucking magnetrons
microwaves the cavity magnetron is a high-powered vacuum tube that generates
microwaves use an interaction of a stream of electric field moving past a
series of cavities hashtag and go fuck yourselves
nobody was on the other side of this issue we just want a clarity you guys
made a fool of me but it's different what if I forget like I something fell on
me right now and I become the Phantom of the Opera like I just I haunt this
podcast forever while heating up your food you're both right because the
magnetron is the tube that makes the microwave so he was more right because
the thing that's going around doing the things is the microwaves yeah created by
well a magnet now this is which came first the magnetron of the microwave
who knows well I'm more impressed by Dan Starscream impression that's pretty
good that was beautiful yeah you can you do
Starscream rap yes Zach you got a beat for it's troubled
the decepticons
well I'm an airplane but I'm also a robot
fuck you mama so hard she got a blood clot I went to Sabatron I used to mow the lawn but now I fuck you mama so hard I fuck her all day long
I need to decepticons I fuck you mama so hard I give her an aowat's for fucking me
Starscream I'm flying through the sky I am a Starscream gonna turn into a plane when I'm fighting Autobots
roll out hey I'm Optimus Prime I'm gonna beat you all of the time I have a matrix inside my chest and I'm a truck
I fucked your mama cuz I don't give a fuck I've got a blue head and blue fists but they come on separately
you can't put them on a list of things you want for Christmas it's 1983 and your dad just pissed in this
freak punch Optimus Prime taking dark memories I got a I got a trailer that transforms into a combat platform
there's a little robot inside how to let your mama's pussy it's wide
take it easy take take take it easy take take it easy oh we should team up yes we should we both hate Megatron
yes we do what are you guys doing oh it's Megatron oh dance
oh shit iron side is here iron side iron side iron hide iron hide iron hide
oh no look it's out look at it hello my name is mr. Johnson I'm here to mow your lawn son I break the leaves
I'm gonna do it in a pair of greaves I also do larping give me a second
I'm walking down your lawn and I'm pulling a thread on your mama she's dead she's buried underground under the sprinkler
dig deeper I found Henry Winkler he's from happy days but I don't know what to do without ways
if it doesn't tell me where to go I can't drive Ryan Gosling started to drive Ryan Gosling
Ryan right in Ryan Gosling right rock-oh-rock roll rock-oh-Rock oh Katrina
That beard smells good.
That's good.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Balloons, how do you inflate them with your breath?
Don't hate them.
You're going to need them for party.
Celebrate them.
Put them on a string and let them fly.
Now you debate them whether they're good or bad.
Is it a balloon that you'd possess or did you ever have the balloon?
Or was it a dream?
Was it all filled with air or would you use steam?
If you do, it might expand and take you all across this glorious land.
You might land down in a field of corn.
You might get outside and find a prehistoric corn.
You blow a tutu and some engage men and then you go all the way around.
History again.
You got Stonehenge.
You got Columbus.
You got Plymouth Rock and I'm going to fuck this.
Pussy.
Okay.
All right.
It's been a good show.
Yo.
Well, it's been a good show.
What have we learned?
Okay.
All right.
So.
You came down pretty hard on balloons.
You know, there's a helium shortage.
Have you heard about that?
Is that true?
It's a big problem.
We should probably close out with that topic.
Yeah.
You guys heard about the helium shortage?
It's going to be bad.
It's terrible.
All computers basically are made with helium and we're just putting them in balloons.
There will be a point when balloons are like, I mean, we'll probably be pretty old.
Wouldn't all the helium just be up higher?
Yeah.
That's the problem.
Why don't we just go up?
Go up.
Well, then there's going to be a ladder shortage.
You can't just pull it out of the sky.
Is all the helium living up on the edge of our atmosphere right now?
A lot of it.
Helium is triple bonded hydrogen?
It sure is, Dan.
No, I don't think so.
No, it's a zone element.
It's just, well, what is it?
It's twice as much.
Oh, no, it's a zone element.
What am I?
It's fucking idiot.
Yes, of course it's an element.
Right?
Sorry, I'm so sorry.
It's the second one.
It's an element.
Helium gas.
What is hydrogen?
Hydrogen is triple bonded hydrogen.
Hydrogen just fuses.
It becomes helium, right?
No.
Helium is its own element.
Yeah, but you have to have, yeah.
We all know so little.
You don't want me in with that.
I didn't know that was a thing.
When I was doing the improv shows in London, one of the suggestions, like the gets for
the scene was, the world is running out of something.
What is it?
A bunch of people yelled helium.
I thought that was just a weird thing.
No, it's true, man.
It's not funny.
So what happens when we run out of our helium?
The unicorn's all that.
We're not going to be able to make computers.
But doesn't the law of conservation of helium say that we're not going to run out of helium
and it's going to all just be floating up at the edge of the thing?
They're going to repeal that law.
Are we really running out of helium?
Yeah, yeah, because it's priced, not what it's worth, because you can just buy a fucking
balloon.
Like if the world was just, it would cost a lot more to buy a balloon because of how
much value there is in the amount of computers you can make with that helium balloon.
What does helium do for computers?
I think it's just very cold.
It has something to do with like, I don't know.
It has something to do with liquid helium, this guy says.
That's probably true.
I mean, probably just something with electronic stuff.
It's great.
You think it's used in coolant systems?
I think it's just used to make the superconducting ships or something like that.
Thank you.
That sounds like bullshit, sir.
I don't trust it.
Get out of here with your other vomiting friend.
Tonight, let's all compress it and circulate it.
I don't know what you mean.
Talking about fucking command.
Compress it and circulate it.
Got it.
Where do they get helium?
Where do we get helium?
When we mine it from the clouds.
What about helium?
What's the other?
Or clouds.
Is that right?
What about helium three?
What's up with helium three?
Oh, it's the worst.
Is that right?
Wow.
It's a contentious but lethargic crowd tonight.
We're also fatigued by global events.
Everyone in LA is going through the motions.
Someone went, fuck fracking, bro.
Spencer's kind of tired.
Spencer, can we do a show maybe next Sunday where you control, but I'm here.
You wear a suit.
I'm going to wear a t-shirt, lumberjack shirt and shorts instead of there.
Yeah!
Yes.
Let's do it.
I will finance this.
He needs to be in your suit with that fucking hat.
He needs to look like Inspector Gadget.
I can't believe we haven't done this.
All right.
Take a dick out.
You've got to show it.
It's so fucking hard.
Like helium.
You can make X-ray targets out of his dick.
It's like tungsten.
I don't know.
I did random research for a movie.
I'm doing a re-random.
So I know that's what you use tungsten for.
Do it.
You're going to say no when you're going to...
No.
Do your American accent.
That's horrific.
You prick.
What do you want me to say?
You do it for a living.
I want you to say...
I'll be a waiter and I'll come over and...
Hello, American gentlemen.
What would you like to eat in this?
No, this is bullshit.
You do yours and then I'll do mine.
American?
Yeah!
Well, it's 9.59.
I'm wondering how to conclude this evening.
I'm grateful to all of you for sitting through our bullshit.
Thank you so much.
We're trying to decide how to conclude.
And we can.
Take it away.
I lied. I'm not going to do it.
Damn.
Thank you for coming to Harmontown, everybody.
Kumail Nanjiani.
Duncan Trussell. Daniel Gillies.
Spencer Critten.
And I'm Jeff Davis, your mayor.
Thank you all for coming.
Drive fast.
Take chances.
This show brought to you by
the Ryan Gosling Corporation.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.